feat(Worklets): update `getting-started` docs page (#8139)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: packages/docs-worklets/docs/fundamentals/getting-started.mdx

# Getting started

> {/* The goal of the _Fundamentals_ section is to help you gain a strong foundation on the core concepts of _Worklets_ and give you the confidence to explore more advanced use cases on your own. This section is packed with interactive examples, code snippets and explanations. Are you ready? Let's dive in! */}

Reviewer: Please add an explanation to why this is commented out as well 🙏

# Getting started

> The goal of the _Fundamentals_ section is to help you gain a strong foundation on the core concepts of _Worklets_ and give you the confidence to explore more advanced use cases on your own. This section is packed with interactive examples, code snippets and explanations. Are you ready? Let's dive in!

Reviewer: We can have this commented out for now since there are no examples etc.

## What is React Native Worklets?

React Native Worklets is a library that allows you to run JavaScript code in parallel on multiple threads and runtimes.

While the library is in transitional period where we hone the API, all its features are functionally stable and ready to use in production.

## Prerequisites

:::info

> Worklets aren't tested on the Legacy Architecture (Paper). We highly recommend migrating to the New Architecture (Fabric)[https://reactnative.dev/architecture/landing-page] prior to using Worklets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worklets library isn't tested on the Legacy Architecture (Paper). We highly recommend migrating to the New Architecture (Fabric)[https://reactnative.dev/architecture/landing-page] prior to using Worklets.
```

Install `react-native-worklets` package from npm:

<Tabs groupId="package-managers">
  <TabItem value="npm" label="NPM">
    ```bash
    npm install react-native-worklets
    ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="yarn" label="YARN">
    ```bash
    yarn add react-native-worklets
    ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Step 2: Rebuild native dependencies

Run prebuild to update the native code in the `ios` and `android` directories.

<Tabs groupId="package-managers">
  <TabItem value="npm" label="NPM">
    ```bash
    npx expo prebuild
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="yarn" label="YARN">
    ```bash
    yarn expo prebuild
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

And that's it! Worklets is now configured in your Expo project.

### React Native Community CLI

When using [React Native Community CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli), you also need to manually add the `react-native-worklets/plugin` plugin to your `babel.config.js`.

```js {7}
  module.exports = {
    presets: [
      ... // don't add it here :)
    ],
    plugins: [
      ...
      'react-native-worklets/plugin',
    ],
  };
```

:::caution

`react-native-worklets/plugin` has to be listed last.

> :::

Reviewer: This doesn't really apply anymore, we can remove it.

<details>
<summary>Why do I need this?</summary>

> In short, the Worklets babel plugin automatically converts special JavaScript functions (called [worklets](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#worklet)) to allow them to be passed and run on the UI thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, the Worklets babel plugin automatically converts special JavaScript functions (called [worklets](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#worklet)) to allow them to be passed and run [Worklet Runtimes](link).
```

> Since [Expo SDK 50](https://expo.dev/changelog/2024/01-18-sdk-50), the Expo starter template includes the Worklets babel plugin by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since [Expo SDK 54](https://expo.dev/changelog/2024/01-18-sdk-50), the Expo starter template includes the Worklets babel plugin by default.
```
